{
    'https://www.reuters.com/': 'Please enable JS and disable any ad blocker',
    'https://www.ndtv.com/tech/airtag-firmware-update-new-features-stalking-alerts-apple-find-my-precision-finding-3621786': "Apple recently rolled out firmware updates for its AirTag personal    
item tracker, but the details of new features and fixes as a result of these updates wasn't known due to the somewhat complex nature of the firmware updates and how they are delivered. However, a 
recent report has now revealed some of the new features that come as a result of two recent firmware updates, and shows that Apple is strongly committed to supporting the AirTag product in terms  
of features and fixes for known bugs and security concerns. As per a 9to5Mac report, Apple has posted release notes regarding two firmware updates for the Apple AirTag through a support article on
its website. Version 2.0.24, said to be released on November 10, is the more significant one that delivers a key feature aimed at helping secure iPhone users against stalking.  With this, users   
will be alerted if an unknown AirTag separated from its owner is traveling with the user, and precision finding with a sound alert through the Find My app can be used to locate and disable the    
tracking. This addresses a key safety concern, as AirTag devices have been known to be used in cases of stalking and secretly tracking someone by hiding an AirTag somewhere on their person or     
belongings. It's worth noting that this feature requires an iPhone running iOS 16.2 to work, and is only supported on iPhone devices with Ultra-Wideband support (iPhone 11 and newer models). The  
second firmware update -\xa0version 2.0.36, said to be released on December 12 - resolves an issue with the accelerometer on the AirTag not activating in certain scenarios. This is essential in   
detecting movement of the AirTag, which is necessary for many of its functions and features. If you have an AirTag, you can check the firmware version by tapping on the AirTag name in the Find My 
app on your iOS device. Notably, you can't manually update the firmware on AirTag devices or even choose when to do so; the updates are done automatically when available, and the AirTag is near an
iPhone linked to the account it's paired with and has access to a data connection. Track Latest News Live on NDTV.com and get news updates from India  and around the world",
    'https://www.economictimes.com/': "Get only relevant updates on WhatsApp. No Spam. March 31 MV True Confidence, a doomed vessel from a missile attack, is set for dismantling in Alang, a       
declining ship-breaking hub facing economic ch... Affluent Indians aged 50 and above are increasingly engaging in adventurous travel experiences, from Antarctic marathons to African wildlife...   
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the new Pamban Bridge on April 6 in Tamil Nadu's Rameshwaram, declared safe for 100 years. Buil... Jio has extended its offer for free IPL streaming on
JioHotstar until April 15. This includes a 90-day free subscription to JioHotstar and a... The beer industry has urged Karnataka to halt frequent tax hikes, as recent increases have stalled beer  
sales and risk investments of over R... Writer Biplab Goswami refutes plagiarism claims regarding his film Laapata Ladies, which some compare to the Arabic film Burqa City. Goswami...  Saturday,  
05 Apr, 2025 US garment retailers and brands have reached out to Indian apparel manufacturers, exhorting the latter to partly absorb a likely product price increase due to US President Donald     
Trumpâ\x80\x99s tariff policy.  China announced additional tariffs of 34% on American goods on Friday, striking back at US President Donald Trump and escalating a trade war that has fed fears of a
recession and triggered a global stock market rout that showed no sign of slowing on Friday. Indian equities were swamped by a wave of selling that swept riskier assets globally on Friday,        
tracking Wall Streetâ\x80\x99s overnight slumpâ\x80\x94the worst since 2020â\x80\x94in response to US President Donald Trumpâ\x80\x99s reciprocal tariff regime that has led to fears about a global
downturn. The Trump administration has dismantled the CIS Ombudsman office, which aided immigrants in navigating visa complexities and resolving issues. This decision has raised concerns about    
reduced transparency within USCIS and the lack of support for thousands of visa holders, green card applicants, and international students. The Trump administration's crackdown on foreign students
has led to sudden and unexplained visa revocations, causing panic among universities and their international students. Students are being ordered to leave the US immediately, disrupting their     
studies without prior notice. Colleges are concerned this may deter future international enrollments, and are now grappling to understand and address these abrupt changes. Foreign travellers to   
the US are advised to review their online presence before applying for a visa or traveling, as US authorities are increasingly scrutinizing public digital footprints. Inconsistencies between      
online profiles and visa applications can lead to delays or denial. Legal experts recommend ensuring that public profiles match visa documents and suggest tightening privacy settings. Rajinikanth 
to Mahesh Babu: South Stars Steal The Spotlight at Anant Ambani's Wedding Explore Goa In The Rains: 10 Must-Do Activities, Places To Visit Sonakshi Sinha wedding photos out: Actress marries Zaheer
Iqbal in civil ceremony How Four Words from Chiranjeevi Saved Pawan Kalyan's Life â\x80\x8bMushrooms Can Lower Risk Of A Cancer Diagnosisâ\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8b What To Eat, What To Avoid     
During Pregnancy? Follow This ICMR Guide Want To Live Longer? Watch Your Salt Intake, Advises ICMR How vegans can get enough protein? What ICMR says Balakrishna's 5 Controversies. Latest: Actress 
Anjali Incident Why These Two Rs 10 Notes Fetched Over Rs 12 Lakhs At Auction? Magnificent Mango: 5 Beauty Secrets Of This Summer Delight â\x80\x8bRadhika Merchant’s Space Suit Designer For Ambani
Pre-Wedding Bash, Has Worked With Jennifer Lopez & Karlie Kloss!â\x80\x8b â\x80\x8bFlax Seeds Can Aid In Weight Loss, Improve Gut Heath: Here’s The Best Time To Consume Themâ\x80\x8b â\x80\x8bNASA
Finds 126 Alien Planets! Does This Mean There’s Extraterrestrial Life?â\x80\x8b You Can Enjoy This 5-Day Cruise For Just Rs 5,000. Thanks To Indian Govt Scandals that destroyed Bollywood celebs'  
career â\x80\x8bFrom Vedavid To Vamika, 6 Bollywood Babies With Unique Namesâ\x80\x8b Blockout 2024: From Taylor Swift To Alia Bhatt, Celebs Are Being Boycotted Online Massive protests in Germany 
against Musk & Trump Vance bashes Europe for banning Le Pen Pete Hegseth heads to Panama Canal Putin's envoy hails Trump over Ukraine peace talks Trump says 'US going to boom' amid tariff war Sen.
Eric Schmitt warns on EU, China & Greenland Will Ukraine lose battle to Russia? ‘We remember Jan 2025 in New Orleans': Gen Langley US Space Force Chief Gen. Chance Saltzman warns of space threat  
PM Modi accorded ceremonial welcome in Sri Lanka Canadian PM Carney slams Trump’s tariffs US judge orders return of deported Maryland man Trump shares video of US airstrike on Houthis, watch! 6   
best summer destinations in Northeast India for a cool getaway 6 superfoods that boost immunity naturally Latest 22KT gold jewellery rates today of Malabar Gold, Tanishq 6 protein-rich foods to   
boost muscle growth naturally 6 healthy Indian snacks that don’t taste boring Baba Vanga’s 2025 forecasts: Big life shifts for these zodiac signs Top 5 Equity mid-cap funds with up to 36.83%      
returns in 5 year Top 5 large-cap funds with up to 28.17% returns in 5 years â\x80\x8b10 UNESCO sites that showcase India’s rich history 10 Indian comfort foods that are secretly loaded with fats 
Glow up in 30 days? these 8 foods are all you need 8 protein-rich Indian breakfast ideas to kickstart your day 8 pretty flowers that attract birds to your home Top 8 foods to maximize post-workout
recovery 8 best hydrating superfoods to fuel your workout 8 fun ways to burn calories no gym required 8 high-protein lentils you should add to your diet 8 best vegetarian fibre foods for better   
digestion Why is it important to rebalance mutual fund portfolios? 8 zodiac signs who live life to the fullest 10 powerful quotes to strengthen your willpower These 5 healthcare stocks hit 52-week
low, fallen up to 14% in a month Making investments in mutual funds through SIP? 6 things to know about XIRR Gainers & Losers: Marico, Vodafone Idea among 21 stocks that hogged limelight today 8  
high-fibre Indian breakfasts to kickstart your day right Top 5 hybrid aggressive funds with returns up to 29% in 5 years as on Mar 26, 2025 8 surprising health risks of eating potatoes every day  
Which fruit is better for radiant skin – amla or blueberry? Best mutual funds to invest through SIPs in April 2025 7 Secrets to Achieving Supple and Glowing Skin Like Celebrities 8 quick & easy   
Navaratri desserts you can make in minutes 8 iron-rich drinks to naturally boost your haemoglobin 8 easy steps to make delicious gond katira shikanji 8 best foods to boost your vitamin D levels   
naturally 8 fun and flavourful ways to use coconut in your cooking How to make cream cheese at home in 8 simple steps 8 healthy summer drinks to stay hydrated 6 Stunning Blouse Neck Designs to    
Steal from Madhuri Dixit 9 traditional Indian superfoods that are better than your multivitamin 99% fail this monument quiz – can you beat the odds? Hot on Web In Case you missed it Top
Calculators Top Prime Articles Top Performing MF Top Story Listing Top Commodities Top Definitions Top Slideshow Latest News Follow us on:",
    'https://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek': "To continue, please click the box below to let us know you're not a robot. Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you
are not\n                    blocking them from loading.\n                    For more information you can review our Terms of Service \n                    and Cookie Policy. For inquiries       
related to this message please contact\n                        our support team and provide the reference ID below. Get the most important global markets news at your fingertips with a
Bloomberg.com subscription."
}